Add example for set terminate (#1042)
microsoft/onnxruntime-genai: documents/Runtime_option.md

## Set Terminate

> Set Terminate is a runtime option to terminate the current session or continue/restart an already terminated session. The current session will crash when the terminate option is enabled and the user will need to handle that scenario, examples/c/src/phi3_terminate.cpp contains an example for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set Terminate is a runtime option to terminate the current session or continue/restart an already terminated session. The current session will throw an exception when the terminate option is enabled and the user will need to handle that scenario, examples/c/src/phi3_terminate.cpp contains an example for this.
```

> There are two valid ways to call Set Terminate.
> 
> To enable terminate, the valid pair is: ("terminate_session", "1")
> 
> To disable terminate, the valid pair is: ("terminate_session", "0")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To terminate the generation, use this key value pair: ("terminate_session", "1") 

To recover from a terminated state, use this key value pair: ("terminate_session", "0") 
```
